formal glass and finger all mobile
entertainment on glafi.com hello everyone with
You are the same glass and today I will tell
to you about the revolutionary game from the company
electronics art I think many of you
played or heard about the cult
computer shooter battlefield
and finally he appeared on
mobile devices and so meet
battlefield 4 commander
but immediately I want to clarify that this is not
mobile shooter
electronics art went further than just
port successful project on mobile
platforms the whole universe 4 battles and now
has 2 modes
you can play on bye as before
running style and in everything that moves to drive
on tanks flying planes and
by helicopters
but you can also be the commander of those
who fights in the field
that is, in the battlefield commander we see
tactical map
this is what the team does on its own
pc our main goal is to help
allies and counter enemy
commander and for that we have everything
I think necessary for no secret
that in quality intelligence is
the key to a successful battle and here
unmanned aerial vehicles will
simply irreplaceable
besides, we have at our disposal
drones with equipment when
whose help we can turn off
enemy radio signals are breaking down
actions by their drone also we can
support your troops with
air dump ammo technicians
sent the desired point support aircraft
or even launching a cruise missile to
we can assign priorities
for individual units to accelerate the receipt
experience points fighters reduce time
dispositions of fallen fighters
alert the team about approaching
large enemy forces or inflicting
airstrike well and the most pleasant we can
perform a network attack on the command
center of the enemy
withdraw their commander from the game
some time in general in my opinion
symbiosis of games for pc and mobile
succeeded and hopefully soon everything
giants of the computer game industry and
will come to the mobile gaming market and is waiting for us
in the sea of ​​great toys
but on this i have all subscribe to
our channel
youtu.be follow the news on the site
glafi.com and with you was the glass all over
thank you all bye